The service tier is annotated with the @Service annotation,
and it describes the verbs or actions of our system.
It is where our business logic should reside.
In fact, it should all be contained here.
It shouldn't bleed over into our repository tier.
Another role of the service tier is to ensure that
business logic is in a valid state.
This is where all of our state management should be handled, confirming
that we've got a valid object passed from a request.
It meets the standards of our business objects or of our business requirements.
Also, this is where our transactions should begin.
If you are doing two‑phase commits or there's a chance we might
have to roll back or access web services,
those types of things, this is where we want all of our transactions to begin.
It often has the same methods as the repository, but a different focus.
We may have a method in here that says find user by last name,
and we may have that same method in our repository, but what we do if we
don't find a user or how many people will be returned or what state we might
return these objects in is controlled by the service tier where the repository tier is just going to get that data.